| Date: | 22.03.2022 |
| :------------ | :------------ |
| Main focus: | Demo |
| Chair: | Mert Bora Ä°nevi |
| Note taker | Alexandru Pacurar |

# Opening
 - Bora mentions all points on the agenda.
 - Main point is to talk about the demo nad app progress.
 - Stand up meeting:
 	- Alex: worked with Anton on question view and points per time taken
	- Quan: User-Name screen, start game and power-ups ( with Stefan )
	- Jort: Front end Style, fix bugs (with Bora)
	- Bora: In-game leaderboard, fix bugs (with Jort)

# Approval of the agenda
 - No additions to the agenda from the members, Natalia said that we missed thinks from the team-work such as tip and top so we should include them from next week onward.

# Points of action
 - Give a demo of the app:
	- Anton shares his screen and presents the demo from the main branch.
	- We see the username screen
	- Question screen, we see the question
	- We should organize the demo better for next week (1-2 mins)
 - Feedback from Natalia:
	- Make issues have a more clear definition of done
	- Ex: make some checkboxes, add tests to see if it's done.
	- Talk about issue distribution, split them equally. (Natalia said we distributed the issues unevenly, but we just forgot to redistribute them).
 - We talk about adding more issues in order to check if all our must haves work as intended or if we should just keep working and polish it over time.
 - Natalia sugested we first fix everything (make new issues for it) nad work on could-haves after. 
 - Process feedback from Natalia:
	- Git inspector -> we should write code more evenly, Anton should write more code.
	- Anton said he will take more issues in order to fix this.
	- Natalia should we should try to even it out, Bora should try to focus on helping and not adding to much this week, Stefan's git inspector is weird.
	- If Natalia can see on the responsability list we add code it's fine, Git inspector is used to see if someone is lacking a lot, but Natalia checks everything manualy.
	- The commit descriptions were good, but we didn't add javadoc (add it by next week)
	- Code should have good qol -> javadoc, style, tests.
	- We could test more that we do right now.
	- We should add more comments. Even if we code togheter or talk afterwards, we should still comment on git-lab.
	- We should run the pipeline locally more often (always before we push if we can)
 - Decide to have a meeting to split tasks.

# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*

# Questions for the TA
 - Remarks from Natalia:
	- Natalia said we should all work on both client and server.
	- Jort should work more on the server
	- Stefan should also work more on the server
	- We are gonna be asked about it all in the client meeting, so we should understand all the code and be able to explain it.

# Question round
 - Bora: "Am I writing to much code?" -> Anton said it's fine if he takes a bit of a break. 
 - No other questions. Natalia: "we should be alright."

# Split the issues:
 - Should we reopen issues? Natalia said it's fine, but new issues are better.

# Closing
*That was is for this week. Good luck!*
