- fix agenda - Anton is notetaker, not Alex
- stand up meeting - everyone tells what they did
- reviewing demo:
- username bug, needs to be fixed
- ending game in 20 questions feature not yet implemented
- importing images works good
- question counter works perfectly
- question types - do not need some specific distinction as long as the requirements are met
- check admin panel requirements, maybe we need to add more functionality
- fix issue descriptions - copy paste from merge requests, definition of done should be better
- smaller size commits, right now we are comitting too much code at once
- JavaDoc is okay
- do more testing, not enough
- on clientside test only logic
- normally test once per method
- close issues with merge requests, right now we are not doing it
- comments on gitlab - Jort needs more comments
- server side, client side distribution - everyone is good
- gameService, QuestionCtrl - redistribute them in smaller classes, methods in smaller methods
- rework code of conduct
- start working on clip, presentation
- deadline for reflection assignment this Friday
- trial on video, can arrange extra meeting next week, we do not have one planned
don't spend too much time editing it, only for structure
- will get QnA schedule soon - the oopp presentations in week 10
- buddycheck deadline - next Friday
- will get video requirements soon, staff is working on it
- video : what makes our project the best,
- grades can be separate - if TA say so, mostly 1 grade for the group in our case, though
- we are doing well progress-wise
- focus hard on presentation
- reference material possible??
- let Natalia know when we want to have the trial ASAP